c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.exe.config
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.exe
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.pdb
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Applic.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ApplicTable.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.CreateReport.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EmployeeForm.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EmplTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Entr.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipForm.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipList.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.FieldForm.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.FieldTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Main_M.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.RepairForm.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.RepairTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ReportApplicTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ReportFilterTab.resources
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.exe
c:\users\р\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.pdb
C:\Users\р\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.About.resources
C:\Users\р\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Params.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.exe.config
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.exe
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.pdb
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.exe
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\bin\Debug\ink.pdb
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.About.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Applic.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ApplicTable.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.CreateReport.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EmployeeForm.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EmplTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Entr.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipForm.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipList.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.EquipTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.FieldForm.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.FieldTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Main_M.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Params.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.RepairForm.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.RepairTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ReportApplicTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.ReportFilterTab.resources
C:\Users\р\Desktop\ink\ink\obj\Debug\ink.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\р\Desktop\Проекты\Курсовая 2016\ink\bin\Debug\ink.exe.config
C:\Users\р\Desktop\Проекты\Курсовая 2016\ink\obj\Debug\ink.exe
C:\Users\р\Desktop\Проекты\Курсовая 2016\ink\obj\Debug\ink.pdb
